All right, no more putting it off. It's 10:30. It's time to get started. It's time to start calling. No more being scared. All right, travel. This is the first person I've ever I looked into this. Uh they're pretty they're pretty close to me. So, before I call, I just want to pull up their site one more time. See what they're looking like. See what they're rocking with. see their reviews. Yeah, the website's pretty simple. Pretty terrible. I'm not gonna lie. Um I'm stalling so hard right now. Uh I'm stalling because I'm nervous. I'm nervous. I don't think they're on Instagram, though. Um, the reason why I want to pull up to see if they're on Instagram just to see when was the last time they've gotten Okay, they're on Facebook. Uh, last time they posted was March 7th, though. Um, last time they got a Google review was they got a they got a Google review a month ago, so she's still in business. Uh, I think her name is Lisa. So, yeah. Let's let's give Lisa a call. I'm so scared. I'm so nervous. All right, here we go. God, stop stalling. Stop stalling. To continue, press one. Thank you for calling. Please hold while you're connected for Lisa. Thank you for calling. I'm on the other line right now. Please hold and I'll be with you shortly. Thank you and have a great day. Hello. Hello. Hi. Is this Lisa? Hello. Yeah. Hey, Lisa. Um, so look, I'm going to be honest with you. This is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just want to give you the option either hang up now or give me 30 seconds and then you can decide. Okay. Okay. Cool. Uh, so we do done for you digital marketing and client acquisition for travel agencies and advisers. So, hypothetically, if you were to work with us, we actually set up and manage your entire content distribution and advertising process on your behalf. Um, I saw on your website it doesn't look like you've been very active on Facebook and I haven't been able to find you on Instagram. So, not only do we create and post your social media content, but we actually follow up with the leads within the first 5 minutes of them coming into your funnel, we have a team of appointment setters who book 10 to 15 prepaid consultations for you on a monthly basis. Does that sound fair? Uh, I actually do not have the money in my advertising budget to uh do do anything with it with the digit, you know, with marketing the stuff right now. That's why it's a little bit sad by myself, but I just don't have the I just don't have the funds to do it. So, yeah, for sure. I totally Thanks for the call. Yeah, absolutely. Um, you know, if if you ever change your mind or um Okay. You know the time time is right. Could I give you our website for you to check out? Sure. Yeah, absolutely. So it.com. Okay, I will check it out. Thanks. All righty. Well, I appreciate your time. Have a good one. Okay. Okay. Thank you, too. Bye. Bye. Bye. Ah, I was so nervous. I was so nervous. I can hear it in my voice. Uh, it's too expensive. See, I had the whole it's too expensive thing or I don't have the money right now. Don't have the advertising budget. I'm expecting to get that a lot. And it's like, okay, you know, I'd rather I'd rather I'd rather deal with that now than trying to deal with a client that doesn't have the money to pay me what I want to make. Um, but hey, she stuck around. She didn't hung up. Uh, she was interested. Um, God, I just gota I gotta not be so nervous, man. There was no reason for me to be that nervous. No reason. All right. All right. I'm stalling again. I'm just going to call number two. We're just going to call number two. Stick to the script. Thank you for calling Armstrong Travel. This is Brooke. How can I help you? Hi. Is this the owner of Travel? Yes. Hi there. Um, so I'm going to be honest with you. Uh, this is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just wanted to give you the option to either hang up now or give me 30 seconds and then you can decide. Um, so yes, I will listen to it. I am a brand new business. I don't have a lot of money. I just purchased this business at the beginning of the year. So, I don't have a lot of money for like marketing or whatever, but I would love to hear, you know, what you've got. Yeah, absolutely. I appreciate your time. Um, so we do done for you digital marketing and client acquisition for travel agencies and advisor. So, hypothetically, if you were to work with us, we would actually set up and manage your entire content distribution and advertising process on your behalf. Uh, so not only do we create and post your social media content ads, but we actually follow up with hot leads within the first five minutes of them coming into your funnel. Uh, we have a team of appointment setters who book around 10 to 15 prepaid consultations for you on a monthly basis. Okay. Um, and yeah, so that's pretty much uh overall what we do. Um, but I'm I'm interested to hear. So you said you just purchased this business at the beginning of the year. Yes. Okay. And how's how's it sort of been? It's been great. I mean, we've been really really busy. Um, I'm just still paying off the business, so I'm trying to not spend a ton of money before I actually own it outright, but the business is going really, really well. We have been doing, you know, a lot of business this year. So, we're in a good position um for it to be, you know, moving forward. But it's just I'm I'm a little hesitant to spend money so early on. Yeah, absolutely. I totally understand that. Um are you guys based out of Ravena? Is that accurate? Yeah, I we have a storefront right on Main Street. Okay. Cool. Yeah, I actually I live in Kent myself. I'm a recent I'm a recent Kent State graduate. Um so, and yeah, I was looking at your guys's website and um it does seem it does seem a bit outdated. Um and that She the previous owner owned this business for like 20ome years. Yeah, I see. She didn't, you know, do any type of marketing. I have been so crazy busy this year. I haven't even had the time to like, you know, build a new website and all of that. So, it's certainly something um I would want to take like pricing to my accountant. So, if I could maybe give you an email address, do you have something you can send to me that would like include pricing and stuff? Yeah, absolutely. I can totally send you an email with uh pricing and all our details and things like that. Um and then even we we we also offer just a free content package uh just for people starting off to sort of give them a little preview of what we do. Um so what that includes is a uh five social media post. We do um with our appointment setters, we do a data reactivation campaign, which actually takes all of your existing leads and we put them in a mass text email or a mass text campaign where it's like, hey, if you leave us a review, you know, we'll give you this special offer and that sort of helps uh like I said, re reactivate your your database um and things like that. So, yeah, absolutely. If I could if I could get a good email, I will send uh some more information over later this afternoon. Sure. So, um, you can send it to my personal email. So, it's B as in boy. Alrighty. Awesome. Sounds good. Um, and yeah, we're my uh my company is called So, you can expect to see an email from there and you can check out our website and things like that if you have the opportunity. What was your name again? My name is Brooke. Brooke. Okay, awesome. Well, Brooke, I appreciate your time so much and like I said, yeah, I'll send you an email with some more information. Okay. Wonderful. Thank you so much. All right. Have a good one. You, too. Bye. Bye. Okay. Okay. That was good. That was decent. I We didn't close on a a meeting or anything, but uh she's interested. She just doesn't have the budget. She says she just purchased the business, so she's sort of weary on doing social media and advertising stuff, but she knows she knows to do it. Uh we established a relationship, established a connection. So, I'll send her an email uh with pricing and uh try to I don't know if I'll send her an email with I mean she wants the pricing. She wants to know the number. So, uh I'll send her that information and then um we'll go from there. But, uh okay, two first two haven't been horrible. First two have not been horrible. We haven't got anybody hanging up on us yet. So, I'm feeling good. We're getting a lot of voicemails and I've left like five or six voicemails. Um, we got past one gatekeeper. She said she was going to transfer me to the owner and they ended up just ringing going to voicemail. So, I left him a message. Uh, we're going to keep going though. It's 11:15. We got about 45 minutes until people start going to lunch. So, I want to try to get try to get one before then. But if not, you know, we're definitely going to call back um later this afternoon. All right, here we go. Hi, Rachel. Uh, are you the owner? Yes, I am. Hi there. So, um, yeah, I'm just going to be totally honest with you to not waste your time. This is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just want to give you the option to either hang up now or give me 30 seconds and then you can decide. Is it something to do with golf course or that sort of advertising? No. Uh, not not golf course. We we do do So, we do done for you digital marketing and client acquisition for travel agencies and advisers. So, hypothetically, if you were to work with us, we actually set up and manage your entire content distribution and advertising process on your behalf. So, not only do we create and post the social media content and ads, but we actually follow up with hot leads within the first 5 minutes of them coming into your funnel. Uh, we have a team of appointment setters that does this and they book around 10 to 15 prepaid consultations for you on a monthly basis. Um, what's your cost? Um, so we have a our 90-day program is $1,750. Um, but we also have other plans as well if that's something that you'd be interested in. So, every 90 days you pay $1750. Correct. Well, you do you have any do you have any travel agents that you can can tell me that are using this and having success? Yeah. Well, just to be totally transparent, we are a new business, so we're currently still looking for, you know, our first few clients right now. I'm not going to lie to you and tell you that we do. Um, but you can definitely, you know, check out our website and we also offer a free content package. Now, um, if it's something that you just want to test out, uh, it includes five free social media post with our appointment setting. We'll do a database reactivation campaign where we actually take all of your existing leads and we'll send out a mass email and text message campaign to, you know, react reactivate your database so to speak um within a free and then also a free email newsletter. Okay, which we're already doing. So, okay, I'll run this by my other half that handles most of this. And what's your what's your um company name? Correct. Okay. Okay. Well, I appreciate your time. Have a good one. Uhhuh. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. All right. So, that was a no, but it wasn't a bad no. Uh, at least she got us. We're getting We're not getting people to hang up on us. Um, man, hang on. I didn't even I should have got on them. I should have got on them. Oh, okay. Well, they are posting somewhat frequently. I'm gonna call back because she said, "What you're already doing. You're not posting on social media frequently, ma'am." Um, so we'll definitely we'll definitely give them a call back to see if they've got some time to think about it. Um, let me write that down. You don't do any of that, ma'am. Let's talk about what you already do. You may maybe you do emails. You don't do database reactivation. You don't do social media content. You're terrible. You suck. You need me. That's what I want to say. That's what I really want to say. All right. Hi, this is Ted. Can I help you? Hey, Ted. Are you the owner of I am. Hi there. So, um, yeah, I'm going to be totally honest with you and not waste your time. This is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just want to give the option to either hang up now or give me 30 more seconds and then you can decide. Sure, go ahead. Awesome. So, we do done for you digital marketing and client acquisition for travel agencies and advisers. So, hypothetically, if you were to work with us, we actually set up and manage your entire content distribution and advertising process on your behalf. So, not only do we help create and publish your social media content and ads, but we actually follow up with hot leads within the first five minutes of them coming into your funnel. Uh, we have a team of appointment setters who does this and they book around 10 to 15 prepaid consultations for you on a monthly basis. Yeah, I mean, if it's some if if I were to grow, uh, that's something I might consider. Right now, I'm a oneman shop and, uh, I've got all the business I need. Uh but uh certainly keep in touch and put me on the list to call back maybe in a year to see where I'm at in my business. Okay. Yeah, I will. I appreciate that and I will uh I'll definitely give you a call back. Thank you. All right. Have a go. Dang it. I should have let him go. I shouldn't have let him go. Dang it. I'm so mad I let him go. Ah, he said give me a call back in a year. Hm. But I mean, also he did I'm I'm trying to cope. I'm coping so hard. He said, you know, he's a oneman band, so he's doing he's doing pretty well with himself. He doesn't want too many leads, right? He can't handle that much. So, he he doesn't need me anyway. Ah, cope. I wish I didn't let him go so easily. All right. I don't feel nervous anymore, though. That first call, that first call, I was like, I felt my heart like shaking. I was like so nervous. All right. Dang it, man. I really got to uh I be scared about those those objections. Ah, dang. I had a I had a good I get nervous, man. I get nervous. Uh shoot. So he said not a priority. H Dr. Trip Travel. Hi there. Is this the owner? Uh no it's not. Are they in? Are they available for a quick call? Uh they are not. Where are you calling from? Oh, this is Ramon Hardy from Well, if I can just give you 30 more seconds. You need me. Oh, I fold it. I totally fold it. Why would that not, bro? Hello, it's Kathy. Hi. Is this the owner? I am. Hi there. So, um, yeah, I'm going be totally honest with you. This is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just want to give you the option to either hang up now or give me 30 more seconds and then you can decide. You know what? I will hang up now because I'm actually at lunch with uh clients. Yeah, no worries. Um, do you have any availability for maybe later or tomorrow for a follow-up call? Sure. Okay. Uh, which which one work better? Later probably would be better today. All righty. Well, I'll call you in a few hours. Is that okay? Okay. All right. Appreciate you. Bye bye. All right. We got a maybe. We got a maybe. I like it's not I'm not even nervous anymore. I'm like the nerves have totally shaken off now. It's just like please answer the phone. I just want to talk to people at this point. This is K. Hi Kay. Are you the owner? No. Hi. Uh are they available for a quick call? No. I'm sorry she's not in the office. Do you want to send her an email? Yeah, absolutely. If I could have her email that'd be that'd be great. go far. All righty. Well, thank you so much for that. No problem. Thank you. Byebye. Byebye. I should have I need to figure out how to dodge that. Hello, this is Janet speaking. How may I help you please? Hi, Janet. I'm looking for the owner. Okay. What can I help you with? Yeah. So, uh, I'm going be totally honest with you. This is a cold call and I do have something to pitch your business. So, I just want to give you the option. Either hang up now or give me 30 more seconds and then you can decide. What's a sales pitch? Yeah. So, uh, we do done for you digital marketing and client acquisition for travel agencies and advisers. So, hypothetically, if you were to work with us, we actually set up and manage your entire content distribution and advertising process on your behalf. So, not only do we create and post social media content and ads, but we actually follow up with hot leads within the first 5 minutes of them coming into your funnel. We have a team of appointment setters who does this and they book around 10 to 15 prepaid consultations for you on a monthly basis. I don't do consultations. I just sell sandals and beaches. So what do you could you do for me there? All I saw is sandals and beaches. That's it. Well, that's personally, you know. Well, that's great. Um, so it would kind of just be a similar like we we would pretty much just send you the lead. Um, like our appointment setters would talk to them first, they would sort of get an idea of what all they're looking for, where all they want to go. So that way by the time they're ready to talk to you, you know, you'd have a much better idea of, you know, what all you can do. And it's funny enough, um, you said you do beaches. Um, so I'm actually, you know, this is this is one of my businesses. cuz I'm actually a a videographer as well. I was just at beaches in Jamaica a few weeks ago for a destination wedding. Oo. Oo Rios. I was at uh I was at Dun's River. Uh my father, he was getting married. So, um, I've got some great I was able to shoot some great destination wedding footage from there and then some stuff from beaches as well, which I, uh, I include my own, you know, content in, you know, helping my clients. So, you actually got to see the new guns. Yes, it was very nice. It was beautiful. Hold on one second. Okay. I am so sorry. No, no worries. And where are you? Where are you located out of? Uh, I'm out of Kent, Ohio. And what's your name? So, what is your name? My name is Raone. Uh, my company. So, your number came in as Jim Sheresi. Yeah, that uh that must be incorrect. My name is Raone Hardy. I'll have to talk to T-Mobile about that. I love T-Mobile. You love him. Uhhuh. Yeah. I gota a lot of good. Yeah. I was just saying I have to see what's up with uh why my name says that. Um, but yeah, that's that's pretty cool that you do sandals and beaches. My we got some really great um footage and photos while we were out there. And uh that's sort of what we do is we we we like to use the content that we get like straight from you know being on scene if possible because it's the most organic and uh you know people really like to see other people there as well. I see your pictures on Insta. I see the wedding. I see the swim out room. I see you videoing it. Yeah. Are you um Are you on Raone Hardy, my Instagram page? Huh? That's me. That is me. I'm fast when it comes to the Twilight. You Yeah, you sure are. I was like, I've never had anybody pull me up so quick. But yeah, you can see me. If you see the the beautiful girl in the dress, uh that's my girlfriend. She's actually she works uh we're partners. Um so she's one of our social media managers as well. Nice, nice, nice. Yes. It's like I wish I had more time to do my social media, but it's it's all good. Yeah. And I know that's the biggest the biggest challenge is time for a lot of people, which is, you know, where we come in because we love doing this. We're, you know, it's a blessing and a curse. We're addicted to social media, but we're like, "Okay, well, how can we figure out to turn our addictions into ways that we can help businesses and pay our own bills?" Addictions. Did you just graduate from I did. I did. We both just did. Congratulations. Thank you. My niece is a senior, right? My great niece is a senior right now there. What is uh what's her major? Her major? She's going to be a school teacher. Oh, awesome. That's awesome. Yeah, I was a digital media production. So, yeah, you can see on my, you know, my Instagram, I do uh video production for, you know, freelance all over. Um, and then this when I'm calling for now, this is my digital marketing agency where, you know, I try to work with businesses all over. Nice. Nice. Nice. Yeah. Oh, well yeah. I'm just trying to learn I'm learning reals right now because that's where that's where that's where the for sure. That's where the that's where the views are. That's where the engagement is. Um you know, one of the biggest tricks uh is just really building a community with your your Instagram page and um you know, making people comment. So, you know, for example, if you had a post um you know, about beaches and you know the content from there, you can write a really long caption, make a nice story, and then make sure you throw a call to action where you're like, "Hey, you know, I have a special offer for beaches right now. Comment uh coconut if you'd like to go. You know, all the people that comment coconut, you know, those are your hottest leads." Uh and then for our from our perspective, if you were to work with, you know, my company, our appointment setters would directly reach out to those people, but you know, you could replicate the same thing on your end if not um see what I do is and I know a lot of people are bloggers and all this other kind of stuff. Yes, we have links, co-branded links. So that's where we don't even need to get anybody involved in phone calling and setting appointments and doing any of that stuff. Gotcha. That's what I work a lot of. I don't know what I do, but um I get business. Yeah. Well, that's good to hear. Um well, you know, and obviously the appointment setting and our services are pretty customizable. So, you know, we do other stuff, too, like, you know, uh, email newsletter campaigns. We do SMS, uh, text campaigns, cuz that's a big one now. People are more likely to text with the business than talk with them on the phone. And, uh, we actually have AI, um, software where it'll seem like, you know, they're texting the business. You have that as well. That's nice. Yeah, I'm learning AI. It's really cool, Toby. Is our AI all geared towards travel. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. See, if you key in, I should actually do you I have a YouTube I have a thing on. I should do it because it's getting more traction because if you key in um is this your cell phone number? This is all right. So, have you talked to someone this nerdy before? Um yes, I have. Making travel phone calls. Um not not directly. Not directly. Okay. So, if you Google that in what I just sent you. Okay. Or just click on it. Yeah. All right. And then when you go down, go down under the videos. What's in right underneath the sandals? I don't know what I did. I did a blog on that. Okay. I see. I see. Way back in 2021. So much. And if you click on it. So, click on it. Yep. Okay. And click on the link. When you click on S Royal Caribbean Crystal Lagoon Hideway Suites, what comes up? Um, looks like your blog. It's loading right now. Yep. Yep. Okay. So, you've done some blog posting. Nice. No, no. Click on click on that link where it says Sandals Royal Caribbean. And what does it say when you click on it? You go to Sandals, right? Yeah. Well, it it looks like it took me directly to your website. No, here. Let me let me try to let me try to paste that that link again. It's not letting me click on the link, so I had to Yeah, it it took me to my website. Yeah, but right underneath there's it's a Royal Caribbean crystal hideway suite that I have. Even if you click on the pictures. Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. So, if you click Okay, I got you. You click on the photos and then it directly takes you to Sandals. And what does it say? referred by. Does it have referred by on it? Correct. Yep, it does. Okay. So, hypothetically that gets stuck in your cash for like 90 days. Oh, okay. If you go here and you click click rates and availability. Yeah. Okay. And you book yourself. You really don't know you're booking from this link, right? You thinking you're booking it directly through Sandals, which you technically are booking through directly through Sandals, but then I get the kickback. I don't know you that you booked it. I don't know who you are. Know nothing about you. You're not my client. You're Sandals client, right? I still get the benefits. Well, that's pretty cool. Just just having those the I think like you said cookies or cash. um like having you know being able to have people just click on this link and then being able to earn that that uh kickback from you know years to years to or months to come rather. Yes, that's pretty awesome. So that's what I'm not looking for boosting post. I'm not looking for paid ads. I'm not looking for you find me a client lead and you give it to me. That's not what I'm looking for. I'm looking for what the heck I did and I'm getting not a lot. Like last year I had 10 people book through that through the links that I have. So you need people to pretty much click on these links. Pardon? You need people to click on these links that you have. Correct. Correct. Look, I don't know what I'm doing. just I don't know if it's coming from my blog post. Yeah. Well, you know, link clinks, that's something that we could definitely strategize about if it's something you'd be interested. Um if you have more time, you know, maybe tomorrow or Friday, I would love to give you on a quick like 30 minute call where we could sort of, you know, flesh out what this looks like and uh, you know, how we could potentially work together. Is that something you'd be interested in? Why don't we do this? I'd be interested in in it. Yes. But I leave to go to the Bahamas on Friday. Okay. So, I don't have time today or tomorrow to be honest with you. Yeah. Okay. I'm not going to be back until the end of next week. Maybe we could set something up to talk the week of the 17th. Yeah, that's that's no problem at all. Um, do you have a Maybe you could strategize and think of ways to help me. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. I sure will. Because I I do have what I do is I actually have tiny URL. Mhm. So before I embed all my links on my website, I do it as a tiny URL and then I do the sandals from it. So I track and monitor where people are clicking through. Yeah. What I'm getting. Yeah. So, you know, and I totally understand like not want to do paid ads because honestly, like in the age of organic content and things like that, you know, you kind of are better off just posting, you know, a viral reel or a viral story post. Um, you know, having people swipe up uh and then even if it's not getting a lead form with the name, email, phone number, you could, you know, have you could send them directly to a link like you have and then boom, your referral information is already in there. So, even if they never follow back up, they never talk to you regardless. Are you Are you in front of your computer? Correct. Yep, I am. Okay. So, go to my Insta, please. I should have said that. I'm sorry. No, no, you're fine. Respect you for being a young entrepreneur and doing something that you actually absolutely love. Oh, absolutely. No, I'm being serious. That is I cannot tell you how that is key. I've been doing this I've been doing my travel agency for over 29 years. I love what I do and I never work a day in my life. That's amazing. And that's the goal. That is what you love what you do. You never work it. Remember that. Seriously. If you love what you do, you never work a day in your life. You know, my dad told me that exact my dad told me that exact quote years and years and years ago, and that's the one thing that sticks with me. He's a he's a business owner as well. Um, so yeah, absolutely. Um, trying to just build what I love to do and, you know, make it make it pay my bills. So, yeah, I'm on your I'm on your Instagram right now and I see you just posted. Actually, before I called, I saw um, you know, you had just posted. I think it's like eight minutes before I had called you. So, I see you're definitely active. Where did you find me? Uh, just Google. I found you just on Google. Okay, cool. Um, but yeah, I see you do a lot of Sorry, go ahead. I'm sorry I keep interrupting you. No, you go. So, under underneath my travel agency name, it's one of those digital business cards I just got. So, I'm testing that. And that also does and see. Okay. So, if you go on that, it also has my links if you click on my sandals or beaches or virgin. Yeah. Yep. I see off someone clicks on those. That's that is my intent. I'm not against you to go to All right. So, look up this and see with sandals our business development team, our managers don't like giving us other people secrets and I don't want to have to to figure this out on my own. Right. Right. Okay. It's they're doing a lot of um they have two of them in here. Yeah. This is their uh I'm on their website right now. Mhm. And they uh they kind of do the one with Go ahead. They they do reals and stuff like that. Oh, okay. I'm trying to look on their I think I found their Tik Tok page. Um and yeah, this is exactly the type of stuff that, you know, we're we're looking to do this organic, you know, shot on iPhone sort of look. um because it it just it it performs so much better than having, you know, perfect quality cameras all the time. Sometimes people just want to see, you know, people that look like them, people that uh can do video like them or take pictures like them like in the spaces that they want to be. So, absolutely. Yeah. I would I would love to you know see what we can how if we can replicate this but you know for your own company and as I said it's like I want to kind of work with actively getting people focused on clicking the link for sure then it's stuck in their cookies or whatever it's called and they go to book a vacation. I don't know them. They don't know me. They do everything. They book their own air and I just get the credit for it. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Um, you know, I think there's plenty of strategy that we can implement that could help you reach that that goal. How many other travel agencies you reach out to? Um, if I had to count today, I've been cold calling since about 10:30. You're probably like number 15 or so. Ah, so here, prospecting. Dial to make a pile. Dial to make a pile. Calling prospecting. That's what you're doing. I professional coaching for many years. Yeah. You're prospecting. Yes. And for every no, you will get a yes. Yeah. Teaching you. Well, I appreciate it. No, this this turned into a much different call, but I definitely appreciate it for sure. This is um you know, I I I've kind of have always worked like word of mouth sort of thing. um especially doing video, photo, but you know, I've come to the realization like when it comes to building my own uh you know, platform, building my own business, I really got to put myself out there and uh Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Is and I I enjoy it too. Like at first I was kind of nervous, but just even even the nos still sometimes, you know, feel they like they don't feel as much of a let down because it's like, okay, I still tried. I still put myself out there. I still made that connection regardless. Um, and they're going to respect that a lot more than someone who just waits for people to come. Exactly. Exactly. And that's why so many see there this 18,000 followers, so their Instagram is not good, but their Facebook is. But um, and maybe their Tik Tok. I don't do Tik Tok. Is there a reason you don't do Tik Tok or you just you just haven't got on it yet? Just a time thing. China owns it. Yep. Hey, I'm not mad at you. I am not I am not mad at that answer. I am not mad at that answer at all. I tell all my friends who are like addicted to Tik Tok, I'm like, they're stealing your information. Yeah, you just got to be care. It's you don't know what to trust and who to believe and what's going on. But I do Cap Cut and Cap Cut's own by Tik Tok, so I'm probably compromised anyways. Yeah, it's it's really hard to not feel compromised nowadays. It's just like we're forced into it almost. Mhm. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. So, why don't we why don't you think about it? You you see you see my links on my UVU. You see, I'm doing stuff, but I don't know what I'm doing. That's my whole thing because I own my business. I train. I coach. I recruit. I sell, I do payroll, I do everything. And I can't do I can't do I can't do social media. I can't I just can't do everything for sure. So, as I said, what I'm looking for and I'm willing to pay. It's not an issue. I just don't know what I'm doing to get those bookings. Yeah, definitely. And um you know I can I will I'll actually put together you know a proper um proposal and pitch deck for you to take a look at and uh I can even you know send it uh just in your email and then you can check it out before we meet if you'd like. Um but uh and then you know we could bounce ideas back and forth and you know you already shot me a few texts so this is my personal number. Uh if you have any other questions or the 330 you can't text me in 330. That is my landline. I still fashion. I do have a landline. 216 is my cell. Okay. Um and I wouldn't have done that if I didn't want you to have my information. Well, look, and I really appreciate that uh that trust as well. I know it's you know, I know I know I'm a stranger calling you, but you know, it it has been a very pleasant I was in real estate. I've done it many many I would count. You would have to do your ticker. How many calls did I make a day? How many were nos? and how many did I set an appointment or get, you know, a lead from or you have to it's it's all about numbers. It's a numbers game. Yeah. And for every no, you're going to get that yes. Yeah. Normally, you don't get too much. It's I thought you were going to be um I'm a I'm a credit card processing thing. That's what we get a lot of. Yeah. No, we're um you know, I I just do what I enjoy. Like I really enjoy and love this this social media marketing space. uh this content creation space and you know I know this is the the new wave so to speak to of where you know marketing and advertising is going uh in general like people are going away from you know TV uh traditional forms of advertising as a whole. So, you know, I'm like, how can I help businesses, small businesses, um, turn into those bigger businesses that have the authority on the platforms that people already spend so much time on, but uh, yeah. So, and I just need to know as as I'm saying is like I just need um more help. Yeah. If you just go to the on Facebook. Um, how can we do what they do better? And I know they're they're doing paid ads. I have no problem at all doing a paid ad, but I just don't want to be shooting in the dark, right? and just getting likes or you know I I'm as I said it's like I'm really just more focused on what we could do to get people to hit the CL hit the link and it gets stuck in their browser. Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. And I think and they book for sure. For sure. And um you know even we I think we can do very far do well with um appointment setting and not not even necessarily from paid ads because you know we we could we could promote certain deals appointments. No appointment setting. Okay, no problem. Well, and even if it's not appointment setting, I I mean maybe I would just mean more um of the SMS text marketing to keep it on the top of people's minds that like, hey, you clicked on that link. Are you still interested? you know, not necessarily making people but we don't know who they are that are clicking on the link because they're going right to Sandals. They're not coming to me. Gotcha. Got Well, it Well, it is what I'm saying. Yeah, but it is your if you're clicking on that link. Mhm. Go ahead. I was going to say it's your it's your initial link first, right? Correct. It's, you know, like I did a Google search. You know, if you do Sandals, Royal Caribbean Crystal Lagoon um suites, I'm the one that comes up right underneath Sandals and that's not a paid ad. Well, how about this? You know, in one of the services we do is uh database reactivation. Have you heard of that? What's that? So essentially, we would just take your already existing leads and customers that you've worked with in the past or maybe people who you snagged an email or text message or phone number from and we'll just put them in a mass uh text blast campaign. So, you know, it can say something like, you know, sandals done river now open, you know, deals on this room now. Click this link uh to claim it. Um and then boom, like automatically instantly it's an instant link clink. doesn't matter if they, you know, follow up, they actually go through, like you said, they have 90 days to at least spark their interest. And then if they do follow up, you know, and that's something we can honestly do now, like, like we don't even need to, you know, I know uh you said you're about to go out of town, but my nephew I was going to say my nephew does that for the holidays. Oh, he does the the text messaging. Yeah. I don't know who he does it to or how he does it or or anything like that, but he just it's like the the happy Um, happy 4th, happy Christmas, stuff like that. Yes. Gotcha. Okay. Well, yeah. And, um, you know, I would consider doing that. I know the holidays is good, too. Um, that is, you know, that's that's obviously what I would I would do. I don't want to Here's my thing. I don't like bothering my people. Yeah. You don't want to spam them. For sure. No, I totally get that. I totally get that. That That's That's I've always been like that. It's like I'd rather do here. I'll show you what his looks like. David. David. David. Oh, comes in from statewide. I think it comes in from a different a different um a different thing. Enjoy here. So, here I'll do this. So, is this something like more? Okay, this is what it looks like. All right, let me go here. All right, yours is I'm a visual person. I'm sorry. You're a visual person, too. No, absolutely. I totally understand. I totally So, this is what I get. Got you. And then does it um is this what you're talking about? Kind of. I mean I I mean more of a um like I think having this photo like having a photo uh you know something like this would be well and then you know I think this is just good for general um you know marketing and stuff but I think having having that link especially if there are specific text you know where we're trying to get people to click on sandals or beaches to you know get your get your referral code through you know we could send a longer message uh you know and obviously like you said not spamming not doing anything on a weekly daily basis um but you know staying on the top of people's minds when it comes to you know their uh their vacation plans right true but that's not what I'm looking for well I think I think we might be getting I already have that with another thing I mean I'm in travel leaders so I get so many postcards a month for whenever they come out. I get so many I mean I've already sent like I don't know 10 or 11,000 emails out to my clients automatically and it's involved in tribal leaders. So you're more specific. Sorry. Go ahead. So, what I'm looking for is um is how we could utilize the link with not not with pre-existing customers. Everyone's not a Sandals and everyone doesn't have a Sandals or Beaches budget because that's just not a cheap vacation. No, it's definitely not. Yeah. So I think you know uh doing that organic you know new content like you mentioned reels I think posting high quality reels um you know things that we can we can attract an audience larger than the one that you already have will be the best bet for you know getting those new fresh link link clicks which is something that you know a challenge that I definitely be up for the for taking and give you I'll let you for a couple weeks weeks. We could set up an appointment for the just the week after I get back. Yeah, for sure. Do you have a specific day in mind that would work better just so I can free it on my calendar now? Or if not, you can just let me know whenever you do know. Why don't you do this? Call me. Put it in your calendar to call me on Monday and we'll set up a date for that week. Cool. Uh I'll call you Monday, maybe around 10. Is that okay? Yep. All righty. See, I'm your first call. You always start off with the first call, your most positive call. Yes, it really has been. It's really been a pleasure talking with you for this last half hour. Like I really have enjoyed it and I appreciate you giving me the opportunity and uh yeah, I hope I hope we can, you know, make something happen and work together. I think you could think of that. I don't know what I'm doing. That's that's my thing. I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah. And that's that's my go that's my job to help you figure out what we can do or what you should be doing where it's more beneficial as I said like where they have like um over 18,000 followers and I know they're doing um they're doing um ads as well because they're they're in like Wisconsin or something like that I'm always getting, you know, their ads in my feed. Yeah. And then I mean, and ads, you know, are a pretty powerful medium to to do once you, you know, start taking advantage of them. But certainly not 100% necessary starting out. You know, we could even test, you know, free stuff just to post it out there and then the stuff that performs better, you know, you could you could then turn into a ad um or replicate it again. and but this time run it as a ad and put some ad spend behind it. And uh that's really gonna I think you know give you a much sharper trajectory as far as finding new people. Perfect. Okay. Well, it's been a pleasure. I I appreciate your time once again and uh I'll uh I'm sure we I'll be in touch before our call. I'll I'll follow up with anything that I come up with, but uh until then, I hope you enjoy your vacation and uh yeah, I hope you have a great rest of your day. Thank you so much, Janet. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. And again, it's called James. S H A R E S E is what you're coming up with. Okay. I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna call T-Mobile and see what's up with that. All righty. good to talk to you and great job um prospecting and tell you know what you don't even need to tell people you cold call him because that that could be a turnoff. I'm like okay what does he want now? And then I let you just go for some reason. Got you. So, you think you think that intro because I' i've been testing different um you know different things to say starting out and I have found that like just being honest and say like hey I'm here to pitch something you know I like for some reason I know like I was kind of thinking the same way like are people are probably going to hang up but they've actually have given me the courtesy to at least let me get my pitch off. So, um, you know, I think I am like sort of testing new things to see what will work better. Good. Okay. Yeah. Good. And I'm like for for a minute too, I'm just giving you it's it's just feedback. I'm like I I kind of waited to see if it because a lot of them are are recordings. [Music] Yeah. And then you started talking. So, at the beginning, you sounded a little bit like a recording. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, I can work on that. Waited. So, I'm just helping. This is just helping for critiquing because as I said, for many I was paying $1,000 a month to be professionally coached. Wow. Wow. Well, yeah, I definitely appreciate the feedback for sure. And like I said, this is a totally new realm for me. So, any feedback is appreciated. Good for you. I I'm so proud of you. Your parents did a good job raising you. A thank you. That was so sweet. I'll tell them. That was nice. So, no, they they should be very proud of you and you should be proud of yourself and go after your dreams. That's what I could say. I I don't regret one day of my life. And as I said, I I never work a day in my life because I love what I do. And how many people could actually say that? How many people are so miserable at what they do? Oh my goodness. Yeah. You sound just like my dad. Like my dad, he loves his job. He works, you know, he does maintenance. He does construction. Uh he does contracting and stuff and it's to most people it's bluecollar work. It's hard work. You know, he works long hours, but he loves it. You know, he this is the only thing that he he would want to do and it's so fulfilling, you know, working with people. you know, he understood the value he had understood the value of hard work and, you know, getting out of that system because he was, you know, working at a company for years and years and years and he was getting he was miserable, you know, like you said, he hated, you know, clocking in for somebody else. He didn't like that he couldn't pick when or where he wanted to work. And now he worked so much like oh my gosh, the, you know, the the destination wedding he paid off. Like I was like when we were there, you know, at Dun Driver, I was just like I couldn't have imagined this like even five years ago like how how quick, you know, the shift has really happened with him. And it's that's that's he's definitely my biggest inspiration. That's that's wonderful. And you know what? You're so fortunate to have him in your life. I mean, I don't have my parents anymore, but um and it's and it's wonderful that he's given you inspiration. Absolutely. A lot of people cannot say that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm definitely very blessed and fortunate. You know what? Everybody is not a college person either. Absolutely not. Fortunate that you you were able to graduate and you're doing a passion that you like. How many of your friends are graduating right now that are bartending or working um as a a waitress or in the food business? I mean, just just because they don't know because they don't know what they want. Yeah. Again, young kids, you don't know what you want when you go. That's hard to decide what you want to do. For sure. Yeah. That's been like, you know, my biggest uh my biggest red pill moment, I guess, was coming out of college and seeing, like you said, so many people that I graduated with and they're like, you know, what do I do now? I don't know what to do. Like they they really don't feel like college prepared them the way that it should have. And I, you know, I have my gripes with uh Kent State in college as well. Like I'm glad I went. I'm glad I got the experience. But I do recognize like, yeah, that four years, that 40,000, however much I spent a year, like really probably especially for what I want to do. Like, you know, I've been talking to you for a half hour. You know, you didn't ask to see my degree. You know, it really doesn't matter the fact that I went and a lot of other people, it's going to be the same way. It's more so, you know, what can I what value can I add to you? Not oh look at the degree the value added to my life like I want to know what I can add to other people's lives. Absolutely. And you can't rely on the government for anything whether it be right or left. And I'm not getting into politics. It's all corrupt and it's all what they did is that my niece great niece is a year younger than you. And um when she first went in I mean it was probably your second year when you were there of when they hit the lockdown. I mean, they wouldn't even let you go to class unless that'll be a conversation for another day. I'm sure I feel like we we probably agree on a lot just based off this one conversation, which is another thing that's so refreshing to hear because, you know, when you're working with folks and, you know, values and things like that are one of the more important thing. And we don't got to agree on every single topic in the world, but you know, no, but you could get along. Absolutely. You can get along. Yes. You and I are aren't going to agree on everything, but we could still respect each other. And that's the biggest thing. And and remember one other thing too. People come into people's lives for obvious reasons. So there was a reason why you touched base with me because honestly I would never have given someone. We're at 40. I'm 39 35 right now. I would have never given someone this much time on the phone. Yeah. I definitely wasn't expecting this for my first day. I won't say calling. My first day prospecting. My first day prospecting. There you go. There we go. Cold calling. Cold calling seems so. Yeah, it does have a it does have a it has a it has a nasty feel to it. It's like, oh, I'm a I'm a dirty salesman cold calling. I'm sorry. I feel bad, but prospecting does sound as as No. And you didn't come across as aggressive isn't the word. Assertive is good, but you didn't come off highressured. Mhm. I high me high pressure turns me off immediately. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I want to be, you know, because this is, you know, I I want people to do what works for them, what makes them comfortable. I've talked to a lot of people who have said, "Hey, this sounds good, but, you know, right now I know I don't either don't have the budget, I either don't have the the capabilities, or I'm just not interested." And I'm like, "Hey, that's totally understandable." like, you know, I'm not going to throw 150 objections to, you know, for somebody when because like when it gets to that point when it's just like, okay, this probably isn't the type of person who, you know, I want somebody who is going to be excited about what we do, who's going to, you know, knows that there is a need so I don't have to spend, you know, an entire phone call convincing them, you know, and that those are the clients that I found even in future in past projects are the best to work with. Perfect. Yeah. Excellent. Well, you know, I'm gonna um I know it's about lunchtime, so I'm probably going to go do that myself. And uh yeah, again, I really appreciate your time. This has been a really great conversation. And uh absolutely. Yeah. Thank you for everything. And um like I said, I really look forward to working together in the future. Okay. Give me a call on Monday the 17th. We'll figure out cuz I just don't know my schedule because my husband has a lot of doctor's appointments and medical appointments that we attend to. So, for sure, um just give me a call um a week from Monday and then we'll figure out what we need to do next and give it some thought of how we could use the cold branded link. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. We could do X. Absolutely. I sure will. Great. It was so nice to talk to you and thank you for reaching out and go get them. I appreciate that. You have a great one. All righty. All right. Have a good one. Bye. Bye. Bye. Take care. Bye. Bye. What was that? What the heck was that? I just sat on the phone with that woman for 45 minutes. Um, and I enjoyed it. It was a great conversation. Uh, she's interested in what we do. Um she's uh yeah, we booked the call for a week from Monday, so it's a little bit further out unfortunately, but she said she's definitely willing to pay. She's definitely willing to work. Uh and um yeah, I really think I think God works in very mysterious ways. He truly does. God really does have a plan and uh I think that call there was a a great example of that with Janet. Shout out to Janet, man. First day we probably called around at least at least 50 people. Definitely not as uh not as bad as I expected. I was definitely nervous for the the first couple, but uh once I sort of got into the swing of things and was just trying to get people on the phone, the nerves kind of went away. It was uh it was just a matter of, like I said, getting people on the phone. It's a lot of answering machines, uh a lot of, you know, front desk people, a lot of gatekeepers. Um so for those, uh I definitely plan on sending emails. Oh, we got we did get some emails. We did get one confirmed appointment for about a week and a half away. Uh they're they're about to go on vacation, but uh I'm pretty positive we're going to close on her. She she definitely seemed 100% interested in what we were doing. I'm pretty pretty positive we can definitely close on something with her, which I'm which I'm pumped about. Uh she seemed she was very interested in what I was doing, very interested in me as a person. and we uh had really had a great conversation even aside from um you know the cold call we started you know getting into entrepreneurship and all sorts of uh things like that. Shout out to Janet. Shout out to Janet. So yeah, I'm going to spend the rest of the afternoon drafting up some cold emails and uh to send everybody who we couldn't talk to. Then I'm going to get some more numbers for people for us to call tomorrow. And uh hopefully we can we can get some more some more hopefully we can get some more confirmed calls. You know, if there's from Pakistan, the fact that there's 16 year olds with broken English from Pakistan doing this and finding success. Uh there's no way I can't find success. There's no way. I would have to be so I would have to try not to. It's just a It's just a persistence thing. It's just a numbers game. And uh yeah, I'm going to I'm going to play the game and we're going to figure it out and you're going to see. It's going to be good. It's going to be real good. All right, that's it for today. I'll uh check back in tomorrow.